Okay, so now we need to take a look at
this featured item up here at the top.
The featured item is laying
out exactly the same way.
Why is that?
>> There's a different class.
>> Yeah, it includes the card class.
>> It includes the card class, see that?
So it has the card class and
it has the feature class.
So right now, it's using that same card
layout here to layout all the information
here at the top of the screen, which is
great, except that's not what we want.
We want something different for
our featured card.
So if we go back to take a look at
our mobile version of the site here,
the featured card should have our
headline, should have our image and
it should have our button.
So this block of text here
should not be showing, and
we shouldn't have two columns, right?
So after all of my card styles,
because I want my
featured styles to override
those card styles,
we're gonna say .feature img,
we can say grid column: 1/3.
In other words,
stretch all the way across.
And we can say grid-row: 2/3,
because we wanna have the title on top,
followed by the card itself.
Then we need to send our
button here to the bottom.
It's kind of there now, but it's really
squashed up against this picture,
so I'm gonna add some styling for that.
.feature, oops, p:last-child,
so the last paragraph there in
the feature markup cuz we have two.
We have the actual text, and
then you have the one with the button.
We're gonna say our grid-row is 3/4,
it's probably is already there,
and then we'll say margin-top: 2rem.
And that'll give us a little bit of
breathing room between our picture and
our button.
Make sense?
All right, now,
we need to hide the text here.
This lorem ipsum that we have here,
that needs to get hidden.
And so
we may do something like .feature p,
and we say display: none.
That will actually hide
both that paragraph and
our button because both of them are Ps,
correct?
Okay, so I wanna just hide
the one that is not the button.
And for those of you who are funky
selector collectors like me,
there's a cool way of doing this.
So we can say four
paragraphs that are not,
:has(a), that is a really funky one.
So has anyone seen
a selector like that before?
Selectors, we read from right to left even
though we write them from left to right.
So that's your first secret of CSS,
you always have to read your
selectors from the right.
So this says for any paragraphs that
do not have a link inside of them.
That would be this paragraph here.
Cool, so it will hide just the one
with the link inside of it.
That's our button, yes.
>> Why doesn't feature P first child?
>> That would absolutely work as well.
>> Was it?
>> Yeah, yep, but I just decided to put in
a funky one for the fans and the audience,
cuz I'm a fan of spunky selectors.
Okay, so at this point, what do you think?
Let's compare our design here.
We go, planets and moons.
There's all the cards.
And let's take a look at our code pad.
What do you think?
Pretty much the same?
Not so bad, right?
Not so hard.